the thing that really drives me
the most is exploratory kayaking
paddling down these rivers that
have never been paddled before
our goal here is the paddle the
headwaters canyon of the Chena
River this one run section and
what is the tuner
sure
ok
yeah
so the headwaters canyon of the
chicken river is really a new
canyon 10 years ago was covered
in ice and now because of the
glacial retreat of the logan
glacier
we're now able to access it
basically the only little
landing strip that we could find
was this a hundred yard long
gravel bar
so one of the time we had to
strap our kayaks to the bottom
of this small Bush blame and
then our pilot shuttled us up
there one at a time
yeah
so of the course of the run run
12 mile canyon we really didn't
know exactly how much will be
porgy
but there's a couple Rapids
reportage they were really
pretty pretty scary
and you know if we were to make
a mistake on either one of those
Rapids
it could have been fatal being
on an expedition of this caliber
can be kind of high stress but
when you're out there with a
bunch of your close friends who
are all in their twenties
it's pretty exciting and we keep
it pretty lively
yeah
I've never been anywhere that
felt nearly as remote as the
headwaters can with the chicken
river
no human influence at all
I love paddling around on
classic rivers that have been
run hundreds and thousands of
times but what's most unique to
me as a professional kayaker is
when i get in the middle of
nowhere that no one has ever
been before and it just makes
you feel really alive
I guess some people really do
not understand it and not like
why here why are you doing this
can't you just do something else
of your life